[core] Rework useGridRows high frequency update (#2561)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/rows/rows.md

apiRef.current.updateRows([{ id: 1, _action: 'delete' }]);
```

> ### Throttling grid update [<span class="pro"></span>](https://material-ui.com/store/items/material-ui-pro/)

Reviewer: AG-Grid uses the "high frequency" expression. I found it simpler to understand. BTW, this entire "Updating rows" section is not well structured I think. It starts as:

Updating rows - "...there're two ways": 
- 1st way: the `rows` prop
- Infinite loading?
- 2nd way: using the imperative API

We can make this new title one level up, because it's not only updating the rows, but also doing it in an async manner.

```suggestion
## High frequency [<span class="pro"></span>](https://material-ui.com/store/items/material-ui-pro/)
```

Author: I agree that the structure of this documentation page is not great, we can improve it in a follow up PR ?

> If you have high frequency updates, but you want to keep good performances, you can pass set the `throttleRowsMs` prop to define the maximum update frequency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever the rows are updated, the grid has to apply the sorting and filters. This can be a problem if you have high frequency updates. To maintain a good performance, the grid allows to batch the updates and only apply them after a period of time. The `throttleRowsMs` prop can be used to define the frequency (in milliseconds) at which rows are updated.
```

> When receiving updates more frequent than this threshold, the Grid will wait before applying the new values to avoid triggering heavy work too many times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When receiving updates more frequently than this threshold, the grid will wait before updating the rows.
```

> The following demo updates the rows every 10ms but only apply them to the Grid every 500ms.

Reviewer: We could use an extreme value here to make it clear when the rows are updated.

```suggestion
The following demo updates the rows every 10ms, but they are only applied every 2 seconds.
```
